To evaluate curvature, I must be able to identify and count curves, but also understand their size/curvature
I could look for max and min, and only allow them the exactly alternate max, min, max, min..
move along each model point, if the lat appendided extreme point was max, loom for min

for every point, take vectors 1 -> x units down and up the curve, and get angle between the vectors. 
When the angle between the vectors reaches 60 degrees, saved the distance it needed to hit a 60deg diff. find the minimas of that set of data. 
Thenrun again with a larger degree neededed. 
for each minimum in dist needed to reach threshold, check if other minimums exist within that distance. elim one?


smart cluster removal:
for every point: 
if point = max:
check neighbors,
place new max point between closest min neighbors

if point = min:
check neighbors,
place new min point between closest max neighbors. 

Could check to see if there is onyl 1 min between many max's, and remove that min?


current problems:
-long straight streches after a curve would make the curve seem to be curving
over a longer distance than they are
-large almost circular curves have multiple max/mins along the curve. 

-I could check the avg curvature over the wole large curve, and see if the avg of the in/max points 
is close enough to thaqt

increased threshold for minimas, maybe that will fix many ponts along high radius curves

-check clusters of curves(that are one big curve) and 
see if the avg curvature of the cluster would connect the first and last min. 
if so, replace the many max/mins with one curve. 

might be better to take straight line distance betqween min points
instead of distance along a line. 
^done

Need to test vs another file, to ensure that the script runs properly 
when there is a min at the start vs a max at thestart

Cureently works great, the only issue is when an area with two curves 
has no area between that is less curvy, so a minimum is not placed and the
maximum ends up in the middle of two curves. 

!!!!! I could replace my measure of degrees with the difference in
angle of the tangents of the two minimumsa. 

Also currently, the acute angle of change is being recorded, need to get supplementary angle. 
^nevermind, it should be correct. Angle between formula works tail to tail. 

Working on a 





get avg dist of a curve with x deg


does when it loads the main file, does it also load a curve file by name?


actually, it is probably better to just cut the end analysis into segments. 


flow:
segment, an dplace two cutpoint fids,
Run all Analysis, 
In allanalysis, save a text file with the RAS coords of the cutPoints,
processCurvatureData,
GenerateResults, 
make function in GenResults that generates Ac, Tc, Dc results bysplitting curvatures data file by 
cutpoints file. 



got cutpoints for:
PTAF0056,
PTAJ0023

PTAJ0095 not done bad sup

PTAP0049
PTAM0029
PTAT0093
PTBB0002

PTBB0024 not done bc rectum wrong side
PTBB0016 not done bc leftdown

PTBC0017
PTBD0033
PTBG0026

https://www.graphpad.com/quickcalcs/ttest2/


